ACP2E-348: [Documentation] Add notice into the documentation that new product image is always assigned and visible in all Store Views (#1636)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/product-image-upload.md

1. To work with a specific store view, set the **Store View** chooser in the upper-left corner to the applicable view.

> {:.bs-callout-tip}
> New product images are **_always_** uploaded and visible in **_all_** Store Views. Even if they are uploaded not in the `All Store Views` scope. <br/>To hide any chosen product image from some specific `Store View`, you must switch to this `Store View`, click on the `Hide from Product Page` checkbox for this image, and click <span class="btn">Save</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   {:.bs-callout-info}
   New product images are **_always_** uploaded and visible in **_all_** store views, even if the `All Store Views` scope is not used for upload. <br/><br/>To hide any product image from a specific store view, you must switch to that Store View , select the **Hide from Product Page** checkbox for the image, and click <span class="btn">Save</span>.
```

Author: Committed
